Closes #3270 Update CONTRIBUTING.md developer docs to reflect changes for Drupal 10.1 (#3271)
az-digital/az_quickstart: CONTRIBUTING.md

ddev eslint myfile.js
```

## Theme Debugging

Developing within Drupal can be enhanced with Twig debugging. For AZ Quickstart,
we outline the most efficient methods to enable Twig debugging: via the Drupal
UI and using Drush, with a special emphasis on the latter for its convenience.

### Enable Twig Debugging via the Drupal UI

To enable Twig debugging through the Drupal UI:

1. Go to `/admin/config/development/settings` on your Drupal site.

> 2. Check the box for "Twig Debugging".
> 3. Click on "Save configuration".
> 4. Don't forget to clear your cache for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the box for "Twig development mode".
3. Click on "Save settings".
```
